you must realize that life is a game it  is a mirror reflecting your inner world  of emotions and thoughts and you can't  change the reflection in the mirror you  can only change yourself and the  reflection will change but most people  go in the opposite direction they look  at the reflection that they do not like  and they try to force the mirror shake  it and try to manipulate it into their  desired reality but that is pointless  this is the reason why people who try to  lose weight often fail because they are  forcing the reflection to change rather  than choosing to be a healthy and slim  version of themselves in their minds  same goes for people in debt they can't  seem to get out of it the mirror  principle is described in the book  called reality trans surfing by vadim  zeland which simply means that life is  you pushed out and this is also the  famous statement of neville goddard in  essence life is a game it is just like  virtual reality when someone has never  even heard of virtual reality when they  try it they are star struck and  immediately get lost in the virtual  world it seems indistinguishable from  real world to them this is exactly the  case when it comes to the masses they  are lost in the game thinking it is real  they are forcing and trying and hustling  but most of the time in vain so what is  the point you ask the point is to make  you realize that you are taking a game  way too seriously would you lose your  temper if you character died in a game  or you lost a level maybe some of us  will but we will calm down quickly by  remembering that it is just a game so  when something undesirable happens to  you in your life the number one thing  you need to do is to remind yourself it  is just a game then remind yourself that  if i attach positive meaning to this  event or do not react to it negatively  then this negative event will either  fall off into nothingness or it will  branch out to a positive event making  life way better this immediately takes  the power away from the external world  and puts all the power in the palm of  your hands that you are choosing your  desired reality and this negative event  was just a wake-up call for you to set  the course of your life in the desired  direction another profound principle  that monks and spiritual practitioners  preach is this life is inherently  neutral it is you who is attaching  positive and negative meaning to events  thus charging the events with emotions  to go either a negative or positive  timeline this is not to say that you  cannot get caught up in someone else's  negative timeline briefly but if you are  awake to the truth and you know that  this is all just a game you will  immediately take your power back and  choose not to react and so you will be  free from their negative timeline this  is why eckhart tolle's book the power of  now states that there is no problem in  the now when you focus intensively on  the now there is nothing wrong  everything is just being and flowing  there is enormous bliss and stillness in  just being not reacting to anything and  just letting everything be because  negative events only persist because of  our undivided attention to them we  energize them with so much negative  emotion so consistently so they stay and  grow so letting go of your resistance to  that event will starve it to death you  don't have to force yourself to be happy  just realize that it is a level in the  game and you have the power to choose  another level and abandon this level  altogether the moment you drop your  attention from it it starts starving and  depending on how much negative emotion  it had it will take that much time but  invariably crumble away this is the  power of none reaction we take life too  seriously like it is all there is to it  we tunnel vision on what is going bad  and so easily overlook what is going  right it is social conditioning that has  led many of us to always focus on the  bad and mitigated but all we must do is  accept the bad and then remove our  attention from it and it will wither  away but we are too focused on trying to  manipulate the reflection in the mirror  rather than to change ourselves the  image your consciousness is the only  reality when you sleep nothing exists to  you this world is dead to you in those  hours it doesn't matter what happens  outside because your inside is sleeping  so wake your inner being to this  illusion and actively look for what you  want change your image  embody the man you want to become and  reality will begin to reflect a tense  start flowing in that direction your  choice is all that matters what you  choose to give attention to will stay in  your experience so choose better things  and do not care about anything else no  reaction to life is the best way to live  freely and then adding positive reaction  to life is the optimal way to mold  reality so attach only positive meaning  to every event or just accept it and  remove your attention the rest will be  taken care of for you